Added overview figure to the top-level README file (#507)
SINTEF/dlite: README.md

DLite is a C implementation of the [SINTEF Open Framework and Tools
(SOFT)][SOFT], which is a set of concepts and tools for using data
models (aka Metadata) to efficiently describe and work with scientific
data.

![DLite overview](doc/_static/overview.svg)

The core of DLite is a framework for formalised representation of data
described by data models (called Metadata or Entity in DLite).

> On top of this, DLite has a plugin system for different representing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of this, DLite has a plugin system for various representations of
```

> the data in different formats and storages, bindings to popular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the data in different formats and storages, as well as bindings to popular
```
